README.md, before:

# AngularTaskManager

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.2.10.

The Task Manager project is a simple and efficient tool for managing your daily tasks. You can create, edit, and delete tasks, and organize them by status (such as To Do, In Progress, or Done). Each task displays its creation date. When deleting a task, you are prompted with a confirmation modal ("Are you sure"). Any changes you make—such as adding, editing, or deleting a task—will display a toast notification for feedback. The application also includes a search functionality to quickly find tasks. The user interface is clean, intuitive, responsive, and mobile-friendly.

**Key Features:**
- Add, edit, and delete tasks
- Organize tasks by status (e.g., To Do, In Progress, Done)
- Each task displays its creation date
- Confirmation modal when deleting a task
- Toast notifications for all changes
- Search functionality to quickly find tasks
- Responsive and mobile-friendly design

## Development server

Before starting the development server, install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve or npm start
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

Commit message:

Add instructions for installing Angular CLI globally in README

README.md, after:

# AngularTaskManager

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.2.10.

The Task Manager project is a simple and efficient tool for managing your daily tasks. You can create, edit, and delete tasks, and organize them by status (such as To Do, In Progress, or Done). Each task displays its creation date. When deleting a task, you are prompted with a confirmation modal ("Are you sure"). Any changes you make—such as adding, editing, or deleting a task—will display a toast notification for feedback. The application also includes a search functionality to quickly find tasks. The user interface is clean, intuitive, responsive, and mobile-friendly.

**Key Features:**
- Add, edit, and delete tasks
- Organize tasks by status (e.g., To Do, In Progress, Done)
- Each task displays its creation date
- Confirmation modal when deleting a task
- Toast notifications for all changes
- Search functionality to quickly find tasks
- Responsive and mobile-friendly design

## Development server

Before starting the development server, install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Make sure you have the Angular CLI installed globally. If not, install it with:

```bash
npm install -g @angular/cli

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve or npm start
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.
